Reproducible ML sample (#202)
localstack/localstack-pro-samples: README.md

| [Glue for ETL jobs](glue-etl-jobs)                             | Using Glue API to run local ETL jobs                                                               |
| [Message Queue broker](mq-broker)                              | Using MQ API to run local message queue brokers                                                    |
| [ELB Load Balancing](elb-load-balancing)                       | Using ELBv2 Application Load Balancers locally, deployed via the Serverless framework              |

> | [Reproducible ML](reproducible-ml)                             | Train, save and evaluate a sklearn machine learning model using AWS Lambda and S3                  |

Reviewer: nit: would suggest we use "scikit-learn", which is the slightly more common project name for the library itself
```suggestion
| [Reproducible ML](reproducible-ml)                             | Train, save and evaluate a scikit-learn machine learning model using AWS Lambda and S3                  |
```

> | [Reproducible ML](reproducible-ml)                             | Train, save and evaluate a sklearn machine learning model using AWS Lambda and S3                  |

Reviewer: nit: would suggest we use "scikit-learn", which is the slightly more common project name for the library itself
```suggestion
| [Reproducible ML](reproducible-ml)                             | Train, save and evaluate a scikit-learn machine learning model using AWS Lambda and S3                  |
```

> | [Reproducible ML](reproducible-ml)                             | Train, save and evaluate a sklearn machine learning model using AWS Lambda and S3                  |

Reviewer: nit: would suggest we use "scikit-learn", which is the slightly more common project name for the library itself
```suggestion
| [Reproducible ML](reproducible-ml)                             | Train, save and evaluate a scikit-learn machine learning model using AWS Lambda and S3                  |
```
